Right now, I'm in a pretty intense program at the post graduate school
studying cybersecurity. We take four classes and, um, I'm reading entire
textbooks for each of my classes. It's ah, pretty, pretty intense
from the time you wake up until about eight o'clock or so. Then
I come home and I play video games and you know about some YouTube.
But before this, uh, when I wasn't in school, I was the senior enlisted
adviser for the Navy Reserve back in Japan, and I was working a
kind of a federal job. I was being achieved for one of the one of the
ships out there, um, just overlooking what the contractors were doing.
But that actually gave me a lot of time. And during that free time
actually spent a lot of time working for the Navy Reserve, which
is also looked at about 50 other sailors from the top to the bottom
of Japan. Um, they all have their own lives, and I have to keep all
of them on track about what they're doing for the nature reserve, whether
they're going on their eighties, whether they're conducting a
lot of their training. So I had two jobs in one a time, so that was
also a pretty intense work as well